Guide revamp [WIP] (#76)
Garlic-Team/GCommands: guide/guide/arguments/usingargsincmd.md

            "The amount of products to bake! You can only bake a maximum of 25 products at once",
          prompt:
            "How many products would you like to bake? You can only bake a maximum of 25 products at once",
          required: true,
        },
      ],
    });
  }

  async run({ member, respond, edit }, args) {
    // Cap the amount
    args[1] =
      parseInt(args[1]) > 25
        ? 25
        : parseInt(args[1]) < 0
        ? 0
        : parseInt(args[1]);

    // Format the user's choices
    let product = `${args[1]} Delicious ${args[0][0].toUpperCase() +
      args[0].slice(1).toLowerCase()}${args[1] === 1 ? "" : "s"}`;

    // Send the response
    let m = await respond({
      content: `You decide to bake ${product}. You put it in the oven and wait...`,
    });
    // Wait for the product to "cook"
    await wait(Math.floor(Math.random() * (5000 - 3000)) + 3000);

    // Decide if the product is burnt (50% chance)
    let isBurnt = Math.random() < 0.5;

    // Add a response
    if (isBurnt)
      m.content += `\n\nOh no! Your ${product} ${
        args[1] === 1 ? "was" : "were"
      } left in the oven for too long and burnt! Try again.`;
    else

>       m.content += `\n\nYou successfully bake your ${product} and give ${

Reviewer: You, of course, need to do this everywhere 😄 
```suggestion
      m.content += `\n\nYou successfully baked your ${product} and gave ${
		args[1] === 1 ? "it" : "them"
		      } to your friends. They liked it!`;
```

        args[1] === 1 ? "it" : "them"
      } to your friends. They like it!`;

    // Edit the message
    await edit({ content: m.content });
  }
};
```

<div is="dis-messages">
    <dis-messages>
        <dis-message profile="gcommands" edited=true>
            <template #interactions>
                <discord-interaction profile="izboxo" :command="true">bake Chocolate Chip Cookie 15</discord-interaction>
            </template>
            You decide to bake 15 Delicious Cookies. You put it in the oven and wait...<br/>
            <br/>Oh no! Your 15 Delicious Cookies were left in the oven for too long and burnt! Try again.
        </dis-message>
        <dis-message profile="gcommands" edited=true>
            <template #interactions>
                <discord-interaction profile="izboxo" :command="true">bake Chocolate Muffin 1</discord-interaction>
            </template>
            You decide to bake 1 Delicious Cookie. You put it in the oven and wait...<br/>

>             <br/>You successfully bake your 1 Delicious Cookie and give it to your friends. They love it! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <br/>You successfully baked your 1 Delicious Cookie and gave it to your friends. They loved it! 

```

        </dis-message>
    </dis-messages>
    <dis-messages>
        <dis-message profile="hyro">
            .bake cookie 30
        </dis-message>
        <dis-message profile="gcommands" edited=true>
            You decide to bake 25 Delicious Cookies. You put them in the oven and wait...<br/>
            <br/>Oh no! Your 25 Delicious Cookies were left in the oven for too long and burnt! Try again.
        </dis-message>
        <dis-message profile="hyro">
            .bake muffin 1
        </dis-message>
        <dis-message profile="gcommands" edited=true>
            You decide to bake 1 Delicious Muffin. You put them in the oven and wait...<br/>

>             <br/>You successfully bake your 1 Delicious Muffin and give it to your friends. They love it! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <br/>You successfully baked your 1 Delicious Muffin and gave it to your friends. They loved it! 

```
